Good and evil have been at odds since ancient times
Today you will surely die by my sword
Hahahaha
Why can't you use your Shifang Giant Extermination?
It seems that Situ Haotian was right
Your cultivation base is damaged
Not yet in domination
You and I who dominate the mirror can still be afraid of three points
Now you can only die obediently
You go quickly
You are no match for film
How can we abandon our daughters when we bring money?
I swear to stay by Xinjun's side
The Heaven Defying One has a life after nine deaths
Those who oppose us will grow in life
Nine dead
After Qingyun killed you
No one in this world can stop me from slaughtering the deer world
Born on Earth
Death is a shame
Nine deaths on the back of the tiger
He Xinyi died
Qiqi ants
Dare to stand in my way
I am willing to be taught by my master
Today, repay your kindness with death
Don't worry, come one by one.
Don't think about anyone today
No.
Don't sacrifice for me anymore
Don't worry.
You're all going to die here today.